JTSDK MAIN MENU HELP FILE

NAVIGATION:  You can  move  through the file by using the cursor, page-up, 
page-down, arrow UP/DWN and HOME/END keys available on most keyboards.
If the lines are too long to be displayed in the box, the LEFT/RIGHT keys
can be used to scroll the text region horizontally.


INTRODUCTION

 JTSDK allows you to build all of the WSJT applications though
 an easy to use menu system. Several build options exist for each
 application.

 Except for the WSJT-X Super-Build, all WSJT-X builds require Hamlib3
 to be built before running then application build. If it is not
 found in the default location, a message will be displayed prompting you
 to perform the build first.

 If the user has the knowledge, there is nothing stopping them from building
 the packages from the command line after JTSDK installation. In fact,
 many developers prefer this method as it allows for much greater control over
 the various aspects of the build.


BUILD DESCRIPTIONS

 WSJT-X 1.5 (devel) and WSJT-X 1.4 (Release)
 
 There are (3) primary build types:
 * Release ..: Standard Install Release Build
 * Debug ....: Standard Build With Standard Debugging Enabled
 * Package ..: Builds A Distribution Installer
 
 WSJT-X v1.5 is currently the head of the development branch. It is
 updated often and the current plan it to start producing RC's (Release
 Candidates) from this branch in preparation to formally release v1.5.

 Early in April-2015, WSJT-X v1.4 was formally released and placed in
 a dormant mode with respect to development activity. Unless there is
 a specific issue that cannot be resolved in the v1.5 branch, you should
 not expect allot activity in the branch.

 The distribution ( package ) installer is only available for
 select Linux and Mac distributions. At the time of this writing
 the package target supports:
 
 Debian Based ..: Debian, Ubuntu, Mint etc.
 RPM Based .....: Fedora, OpenSUSE etc


 WSJT-X 1.6 (exp)

 This is an experimental branch for testing new concepts, ideas and code.
 It is subject to frequent updates, all of which may not land in a final
 release version.
 
 There are (2) primary build types:
 * Release ..: Standard Install Release Build
 * Debug ....: Standard Build With Standard Debugging Enabled


 WSJT v10 and WSPR v4.0
 
 Both WSJT and WSPR have many targets each. Currently, the build script
 simply builds the install target. Later versions will include the
 individual targets for each application. 
 
 
 WSPR-X and MAP65

 Currently, WSPR-X and MAP65 cannot be built on Linux without applying several
 patches to accommodate changes from Windows. As such, the builds are
 classed as "under development"  at this time. When the source codes has been
 updated to build on Linux, the builds will be enabled.

 Hamlib3

 Hamlib3 is a custom Git repository maintained by Bill (G4WJS). Updates to
 this repo may eventually land in the Official Hamlib libraries, however,
 when the updates will be included is unknown. 

 There is only one target type for building Hamlib3. Simply selecting the
 will line in the menu will build and install it locally for use with all
 the WSJT-X versions. You should re-build Hamlib3 often, and in particular,
 before build any of the WSJT-X versions.

 Updates happen often, so updating the build each time you run JTSDK is 
 good routine to get in to.


ADDITIONAL RESOURCES
 
 WSJT Home Page:
 * http://www.physics.princeton.edu/pulsar/K1JT/

 WSJT Program Development:
 * www.physics.princeton.edu/pulsar/K1JT/wsjtx-doc/wsjt-dev-guide.html
